README.md, before:

# Welcome to steam-webapi-rust-sdk!
Hi, `steam-webapi-rust-sdk` is a set of utility functions to access Steam Web API.

In order to use this library make sure to set STEAM_WEB_API_KEY system environment variable.

The library itself tries to minimize number of networks calls through the caching relevant 
responses to the 'steam-webapi-cache' folder.


## Features
1. Ability to get list of apps available on the Steam
1. Ability to get detailed app description from Steam
1. Ability to retrieve list of Dota2 matches
1. Local cache of the app details


## Configuration
In order to use this library make sure to set STEAM_WEB_API_KEY system environment variable.

> $ vim ~/.bash_profile 

> export STEAM_WEBAPI_KEY="YOUR_STEAM_WEBAPI_KEY"

> $ source  ~/.bash_profile

## Demo

App to [retrieve details for all apps](https://github.com/bohdaq/retrieve-all-steam-apps-details-demo-app) 
available on Steam store.

App to [list all properties in app details response API](https://github.com/bohdaq/list-steam-appdetails-properties) on Steam store.

App shows how to use steam-webapi-rust-sdk to [retrieve list of Dota2 matches](https://github.com/bohdaq/dota2-match-history-demo-app)
## Documentation
Public functions definitions and usage can be found at [cargo docs](https://docs.rs/steam-webapi-rust-sdk/0.0.4/steam_webapi_rust_sdk/).


## Build
If you want to build steam-webapi-rust-sdk on your own, make sure you have [Rust installed](https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install).

> $ cargo build 
 

## Test
If you want to test steam-webapi-rust-sdk. You need to be connected to the internet as some of the tests invoke Steam API.

> $ cargo test


## Community
Contact me on [Discord](https://discordapp.com/users/952173191659393025/) where you can ask questions and share ideas. Follow the [Rust code of conduct](https://www.rust-lang.org/policies/code-of-conduct).

## Donations
If you appreciate my work and want to support it, feel free to do it via [PayPal](https://www.paypal.com/donate/?hosted_button_id=7J69SYZWSP6HJ).

Commit message:

updated README with a link to prebuilt cache for Steam apps

README.md, after:

# Welcome to steam-webapi-rust-sdk!
Hi, `steam-webapi-rust-sdk` is a set of utility functions to access Steam Web API.

In order to use this library make sure to set STEAM_WEB_API_KEY system environment variable.

The library itself tries to minimize number of networks calls through the caching relevant 
responses to the 'steam-webapi-cache' folder.

There is already prebuilt cache for all steam apps, in order to use it,
simply download and extract [steam-webapi-cache](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1uFWSkeGXU02YBPIQ18Fq2Pdnml3Yas7N/view?usp=sharing)
into the root folder of your project. You can check integrity of the package by provided sha256 checksum.


## Features
1. Ability to get list of apps available on the Steam
1. Ability to get detailed app description from Steam
1. Ability to retrieve list of Dota2 matches
1. Local cache of the app details


## Configuration
In order to use this library make sure to set STEAM_WEB_API_KEY system environment variable.

> $ vim ~/.bash_profile 

> export STEAM_WEBAPI_KEY="YOUR_STEAM_WEBAPI_KEY"

> $ source  ~/.bash_profile

## Demo

App to [retrieve details for all apps](https://github.com/bohdaq/retrieve-all-steam-apps-details-demo-app) 
available on Steam store.

App to [list all properties in app details response API](https://github.com/bohdaq/list-steam-appdetails-properties) on Steam store.

App shows how to use steam-webapi-rust-sdk to [retrieve list of Dota2 matches](https://github.com/bohdaq/dota2-match-history-demo-app)
## Documentation
Public functions definitions and usage can be found at [cargo docs](https://docs.rs/steam-webapi-rust-sdk/0.0.4/steam_webapi_rust_sdk/).


## Build
If you want to build steam-webapi-rust-sdk on your own, make sure you have [Rust installed](https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install).

> $ cargo build 
 

## Test
If you want to test steam-webapi-rust-sdk. You need to be connected to the internet as some of the tests invoke Steam API.

> $ cargo test


## Community
Contact me on [Discord](https://discordapp.com/users/952173191659393025/) where you can ask questions and share ideas. Follow the [Rust code of conduct](https://www.rust-lang.org/policies/code-of-conduct).

## Donations
If you appreciate my work and want to support it, feel free to do it via [PayPal](https://www.paypal.com/donate/?hosted_button_id=7J69SYZWSP6HJ).
